docs: 📝 update GitHub profile to match what we actually do (#483)
seedcase-project/.github: profile/README.md

  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-theme/main/_extensions/seedcase-theme/logos/seedcase/font.svg" alt="Seedcase text as an image." width="150"/>
</p>

# Growing FAIR and tidy data

Our vision is to make it as easy as possible to create, build, and use FAIR
(Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable), tidy, and high-quality

> data, so that we can reduce the time from data generation to eventual scientific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data, so that we can reduce the time from data generation to scientific
```

> Our vision is to make it as easy as possible to create, build, and use FAIR
> (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable), tidy, and high-quality
> data, so that we can reduce the time from data generation to scientific
> dissemination.

Reviewer: To make it a bit less wordy: 
```suggestion
Our vision is to make it as easy as possible to create, build, and use FAIR
(Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable), tidy, and high-quality
data, ultimately reducing the time from data generation to scientific
dissemination.
```

Our strategy to work towards this vision is to:

- Collaborate with research groups to engineer and build FAIR

>   (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable) and tidy data packages

Reviewer: Don't need that here as well 

```suggestion
  and tidy data packages
```

>   (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable) and tidy data packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collaborate with research groups to engineer and build FAIR
  (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable) and tidy data packages
```

- Develop open-source tools that automate and streamline how we and others can

>   build these data packages.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
- Develop open-source tools that automate and streamline building
  these data packages.
```

- Upskill and empower researchers and data owners through mentoring, training,

>   and the development of guides and tutorials.

Reviewer: Maybe? 
```suggestion
- Upskill and empower researchers and data owners through mentoring, training,
  guides, and tutorials.
```

  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-theme/main/_extensions/seedcase-theme/logos/seedcase/font.svg" alt="Seedcase text as an image." width="150"/>
</p>

# Growing FAIR and tidy data

Our vision is to make it as easy as possible to create, build, and use FAIR
(Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable), tidy, and high-quality
data, so that we can reduce the time from data generation to eventual scientific

> dissemination.

Reviewer: Should we align this completely with what's on the website, so it's the same text both places?
